AirThreads was founded in 2025 with a simple yet powerful vision: to transform the interface for which people engage in their productivity tooling. As an engineer trying to balance work, multiple projects, and self care I naturally gravitated towards using applications to assist in my regimented routines. To name a few, Calendar for my event planning, Gmail for anything business or work related, and other apps like Notion for random notetaking, planning, and thought dumps. I noticed however, that in a world with every possible tool to succeed (or in this case apps), it felt as thought I was getting spread thin across these different niche apps. Some notes in my iPhone notes, some ToDo’s in Notion, couple events having double entries into my Google Calendar and iPhone. It just became too much. The most frustrating part? Majority of these app have zero, limited if any, cross sync capabilities. Beyond that, the entire process of interacting with them is so synchronous. In a world becoming more competitive for both our time and attention, I needed a way to not only asynchronously use my platforms, but be able to share data between them. Imagine in one swift motion, being able to sift through your Gmail for any potential job opportunity related emails and being able to add blocks in your calendar to prepare for them, while the postings are also added to your Notion for late review. Or creating a dump of items in your ToDo list, and in one sentence being able to allocate blocks of time in your calendar to attend to them. Or you’re on a business trip and have to layover an extra day, causing you to traditionally have to email every team member, update your calendar and any shared meetings manually. A painstaking process. But if you had an app that could read said email, and automatically inform your team members about the updated arrival time on your behalf AND look for the next available time slots in your calendar to bump up your events? That’s a game changer in my eyes. So I created AirThreads, which allows you to do exactly those kinds of things. Those are just some examples, but the capabilities extend far beyond. The core thing to remember is that these platforms are now connected together for you to interact with via voice or text, how you choose to, is totally up to your imagination.