Captain Cutz
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) govern the use of captaincutz.com (the “Site”). This Site is owned and operated by Captain Cutz. This Site is an ecommerce website. 

By using this Site, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms and Conditions and agree to abide by them at all times.

Intellectual Property All content published and made available on our Site is the property of Captain Cutz and the Site’s creators. 

This includes, but is not limited to images, text, logos, documents, downloadable files and anything that contributes to the composition of our Site.

Sale of Goods And Services. 

 

These Terms and Conditions govern the sale of goods and services available on our Site.

The following goods are available on our

Site:

Hair Products.
The following services are available on our

Site:

Haircuts.
The services will be paid for in full upon the completion of the service.

These Terms and Conditions apply to all the goods and services that are displayed on our Site at the time you access it. This includes all products listed as being out of stock. All information, descriptions, or images that we provide about our goods and services are as accurate as possible. However, we are not legally bound by such information, descriptions, or images as we cannot guarantee the accuracy of all goods and services we provide. You agree to purchase goods and services from our Site at your own risk.

We reserve the right to modify, reject or cancel your order whenever it becomes necessary. If we cancel your order and have already processed your payment, we will give you a refund equal to the amount you paid.

You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor your payment instrument to verify receipt of any refund.

 

Subscriptions

Your subscription does not automatically renew. You will be notified before your next payment is due and must authorize that payment in order for your subscription to continue.

To cancel your subscription, please follow these steps: 1 week advanced notice.

 

Payments

We accept the following payment methods on our Site:

Credit Card;
Debit; and
Direct Debit.
When you provide us with your payment information, you authorize our use of and access to the payment instrument you have chosen to use. By providing us with your payment information, you authorize us to charge the amount due to this payment instrument.

If we believe your payment has violated any law or these Terms and Conditions, we reserve the right to cancel or reverse your transaction.

 

Shipping and Delivery.

When you purchase goods from our Site, the goods will be delivered through one of the following methods:

Standard delivery by post. Delivery takes 5 – 7 business days..
Delivery will take place as soon as reasonably possible, depending on the delivery method selected. Delivery times may vary due to unforseen circumstances. Please note that delivery times do not include weekends and statutory holidays.

You will be required to pay delivery charges in addition to the price for the goods you purchase.

If you purchase goods from us for delivery to a destination outside Canada your purchase may be subject to import duties and taxes applied by the destination country. You are responsible for paying any such duties or taxes. Please contact your local customs office for more information before making a purchase. We are not responsible for the payment of any such duties or taxes and are not liable for any failure by you to pay them.

You are required to provide us with a complete and accurate delivery address, including the name of the recipient. We are not liable for the delivery of your goods to the wrong address or wrong person as a result of you providing us with inaccurate or incomplete information.

 

Refunds

Refunds for Goods

Refund requests must be made within 30 days after receipt of your goods.

We accept refund requests for goods sold on our Site for any of the following reasons:

Good is broken; or
Good does not match description.
Refunds do not apply to the following goods:

Opened and used.
Refunds for Services

All services sold on our Site are non-refundable.

 

Returns

Returns can be made by mail. To return a good by mail, follow the following procedure:

Pack your goods and attach the return label that was included in your package. Go to your nearest post office and pay the necessary postage.

Consumer Protection Law

Where the Consumer Protection Act, or any other consumer protection legislation in your jurisdiction applies and cannot be excluded, these Terms and Conditions will not limit your legal rights and remedies under that legislation. These Terms and Conditions will be read subject to the mandatory provisions of that legislation. If there is a conflict between these Terms and Conditions and that legislation, the mandatory provisions of the legislation will apply. 

 

Limitation of Liability

Captain Cutz and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates will not be liable for any actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses including legal fees from your use of the Site.

Indemnity

Except where prohibited by law, by using this Site you indemnify and hold harmless Captain Cutz and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and affiliates from any actions, claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses including legal fees arising out of your use of our Site or your violation of these Terms and Conditions.

Applicable Law

These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario.

Severability

If at any time any of the provisions set forth in these Terms and Conditions are found to be inconsistent or invalid under applicable laws, those provisions will be deemed void and will be removed from these Terms and Conditions.

All other provisions will not be affected by the removal and the rest of these Terms and Conditions will still be considered valid.

Changes

These Terms and Conditions may be amended from time to time in order to maintain compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to the way we operate our Site and the way we expect users to behave on our Site. We will notify users by email of changes to these Terms and Conditions or post a notice on our Site.

 

Contact Details

Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Our contact details are as follows:

(519) 731-3819

Captaincutzbarber@gmail.com

111 Macdonell St. Guelph, Ontario

You can also contact us through the feedback form available on our Site.

 


Like an artist paints fine art, the captain’s craft the finest fades in the world – a trait you won’t be able to find at just any barbershop. The captains are skilled and trained worldwide to be the best barbers around – period.
  
COMPANY
Privacy Policy
Careers
Cancellation Policy
Terms & Conditions
SHOP
Our Store
About Us
News & Updates
Got Questions?
Contact Us
111 Macdonell Street
Guelph, Ontario
N1H 2Z7, Canada
519-731-3819
info@captaincutz.com
Copyright 2021 Captain Cutz. All Rights Reserved.